---
category: demolition
commodities:
- grain
- crude_oil
- steel
date: '2024-05-07'
doc_id: hellenic_demolition_2024-05-07_2024_05_07_gms_week_18_dead_alive
document_type: demolition_update
key_entities:
- China
keywords:
- panamax
- handysize
- container
- china
- europe
- india
- singapore
- japan
- grain
- crude_oil
- steel
- ldt
market_tone: constructive
regions:
- india
- china
- europe
- singapore
- japan
section_count: 4
signals: {}
source: hellenic
source_path: reports/hellenic/demolition/2024/2024-05-07_gms-week-18-dead-alive.html
source_stem: 2024-05-07_gms-week-18-dead-alive
source_url: https://www.hellenicshippingnews.com/gms-week-18-dead-alive
summary: 'Main

  in Weekly Demolition Reports 07/05/2024

  Image reference: 2024-05-07_gms-week-18-dead-alive_img1.jpg

  Activity across the Indian sub-continent ship recycling markets has been climbing
  on the backof recently witnessed agitations in the trading lanes, which continue
  to ramp up with each passing week as a growing number of Ship Owners are biting
  the recycling bullet & selling their overaged but still trading vessels. Containers
  have been the first segment to be squeezed out by this recent dip in freight rates
  as several units were (and continue to be) introduced for a recycling sale. Moreover,
  given that much of the miniscule supply of tonnage over recent quarters has been
  focused on the dry and container sectors, which themselves have enjoyed eye-watering
  highs during / post Covid & even more since the escalation of geopolitical crises
  in 2023, many would consider these sectors being long overdue for a clear-out as
  we continue to witness impressive signs of a fervor to acquire that has come ‘dead
  alive'' at the bidding tables, as well as the various waterfronts of late - including
  Turkey, where vessel prices were seemingly torched by desperate Aliaga Recyclers
  who are clearly willi'
themes:
- panamax
- handysize
- container
- china
- europe
- india
title: GMS Week 18 - DEAD ALIVE!!!
vessel_classes:
- capesize
- panamax
- supramax
- handysize
- vlcc
- suezmax
- aframax
- container
---

## Summary
Main
in Weekly Demolition Reports 07/05/2024
Image reference: 2024-05-07_gms-week-18-dead-alive_img1.jpg
Activity across the Indian sub-continent ship recycling markets has been climbing on the backof recently witnessed agitations in the trading lanes, which continue to ramp up with each passing week as a growing number of Ship Owners are biting the recycling bullet & selling their overaged but still trading vessels. Containers have been the first segment to be squeezed out by this recent dip in freight rates as several units were (and continue to be) introduced for a recycling sale. Moreover, given that much of the miniscule supply of tonnage over recent quarters has been focused on the dry and container sectors, which themselves have enjoyed eye-watering highs during / post Covid & even more since the escalation of geopolitical crises in 2023, many would consider these sectors being long overdue for a clear-out as we continue to witness impressive signs of a fervor to acquire that has come ‘dead alive' at the bidding tables, as well as the various waterfronts of late - including Turkey, where vessel prices were seemingly torched by desperate Aliaga Recyclers who are clearly willi

## Main
in Weekly Demolition Reports 07/05/2024
Image reference: 2024-05-07_gms-week-18-dead-alive_img1.jpg
Activity across the Indian sub-continent ship recycling markets has been climbing on the backof recently witnessed agitations in the trading lanes, which continue to ramp up with each passing week as a growing number of Ship Owners are biting the recycling bullet & selling their overaged but still trading vessels. Containers have been the first segment to be squeezed out by this recent dip in freight rates as several units were (and continue to be) introduced for a recycling sale. Moreover, given that much of the miniscule supply of tonnage over recent quarters has been focused on the dry and container sectors, which themselves have enjoyed eye-watering highs during / post Covid & even more since the escalation of geopolitical crises in 2023, many would consider these sectors being long overdue for a clear-out as we continue to witness impressive signs of a fervor to acquire that has come ‘dead alive' at the bidding tables, as well as the various waterfronts of late - including Turkey, where vessel prices were seemingly torched by desperate Aliaga Recyclers who are clearly willing to go above & beyond the boundaries set by domestic fundamentals this week; in that 4K - 9K LDT units are reportedly seeing a minimum jump in prices of about $20/Ton whereas +10K LDT units are seeing over USD 40/Ton of an increase in offerings - seemingly even higher on choice units.
As such, as recycling prices inch up towards the mid USD 550s/LDT in key sub-continent markets and even approach USD 400/Ton in Turkey once again, Ship Owners are clearly comfortable at these higher overall price points and are finally happy to sell their aged units. Owners of older Bulkers - particularly Handy & Panamax units - have also been discretely testing recycling rates of late, especially as the Dry Bulk sector has enjoyed its unseasonal surge in rates, one that now looks set to recede in the near future. As the wet market also remains bullish and there remains little danger of seeing an increase in respective units' head for recycling any time soon, several Tankers & FSOs have been delivered into India & Bangladesh of late, as Pakistan's anchorage seems content in slowing down given that this market is just a ship shy of tallying its 2023 volume.
Overall, Bangladesh remains the primary beneficiary of units across recent times as Owners continue to hope to reach / breach the magical USD 600/LDT mark, and India remains close on the pricing heels of the market leaders, even taking Silver on the back of firming fundamentals and finally sneaking into 2nd place in the market rankings this week. Lastly, after a brief period of strong performance, Pakistan has once again receded into the background, on account of largely impractical numbers on any of the geographically well-positioned units opening in the West.
For week 18 of 2024, GMS demo rankings / pricing for the week are as below.
Image reference: 2024-05-07_gms-week-18-dead-alive_img2.jpg
Source: GMS,Inc. https://www.gmsinc.net/gms_new/index.php/web

## Linked asset: 2024-05-07_Ship-recycling-market-insight-week-18-2024-Dead_Alive.pdf
Source asset: reports/hellenic/demolition/pdfs/2024-05-07_Ship-recycling-market-insight-week-18-2024-Dead_Alive.pdf

[Page 1]
*I
, l'
-+Ali / +N
May 3rd, 2024 1
"Rock bottom eventually becomes nothing more than a state of mind."
Week 18
D. Kaye
Volume 261, Issue 1132
Highlig hts: - MARKET COMMENTARY -
DEAD ALIVE!!!
"There are only two options regarding commitment. You're either in or
•Fervor to acquire. Activity across the Indian suybo-cuo'nreti onuent.t Tshhiepr er'esc nyocl sinugc hm tahriknegt sa sh alisf eb einen-b celtimwebeinng." o n the back of
`
recently witnessed agitations in the trading lanes, which continue to ramp up w- iKtha tehayc Ch opllainsssi ng
week as a growing number of Ship Owners are biting the recycling bullet & selling their overaged
but still trading vessels. Containers have been the first segment to be squeezed out by this recent
dip in freight rates as several units were (and continue to be) introduced for a recycling sale.
Moreover, given that much of the miniscule supply of tonnage over recent quarters has been
• Turkey's prices... focused on the dry and container sectors, which themselves have enjoyed eye-watering highs
during / post Covid & even more since the escalation of geopolitical crises in 2023, many would
consider these sectors being long overdue for a clear-out as we continue to witness impressive
signs of a fervor to acquire that has come ‘dead alive' at the bidding tables, as well as the various
waterfronts of late - including Turkey, where vessel prices were seemingly torched by desperate
Aliaga Recyclers who are clearly willing to go above & beyond the boundaries set by domestic
• Freight highs. fundamentals this week; in that 4K - 9K LDT units are reportedly seeing a minimum jump in
prices of about $20/Ton whereas +10K LDT units are seeing over USD 40/Ton of an increase in
offerings - seemingly even higher on choice units.
As such, as recycling prices inch up towards the mid USD 550s/LDT in key sub-continent markets
and even approach USD 400/Ton in Turkey once again, Ship Owners are clearly comfortable at
D
•Bangla benefits. these higher overall price points and are finally happy to sell their aged units. Owners of older
Bulkers - particularly Handy & Panamax units - have also been discretely testing recycling rates
of late, especially as the Dry Bulk sector has enjoyed its unseasonal surge in rates, one that now
looks set to recede in the near future. As the wet market also remains bullish and there remains
little danger of seeing an increase in respective units' head for recycling any time soon, several
Tankers & FSOs have been delivered into India & Bangladesh of late, as Pakistan's anchorage
• India takes Silver. seems content in slowing down given that this market is just a ship shy of tallying its 2023 volume.
Overall, Bangladesh remains the primary beneficiary of units across recent times as Owners
continue to hope to reach / breach the magical USD 600/LDT mark, and India remains close on the
pricing heels of the market leaders, even taking Silver on the back of firming fundamentals and
finally sneaking into 2nd place in the market rankings this week. Lastly, after a brief period of strong
• Scan to download performance, Pakistan has once again receded into the background, on account of largely
and view the GMS impractical numbers on any of the geographically well-positioned units opening in the West.
Weekly on our
For week 18 of 2024, GMS demo rankings / pricing for the week are as below.
Recycling App!
Rank Location Sentiment
Dry Bulk Tankers Containers
USD / LDT USD / LDT USD / LDT
1 Bangladesh Firming 520 / LDT 540 / LDT 560 / LDT
2 India Firming 510 / LDT 530 / LDT 550 / LDT
3 Pakistan Steady 500 / LDT 520 / LDT 530 / LDT
4 Turkey* Ablaze 360 / LDT 370 / LDT 380 / LDT
* +10K LDT Units

[Page 2]
GMS Weekly Page 2 of 8
BANGLADESH
‘ P BAN ‘GLADESH
ICKY WHILE STARVED
BANGLADESH
Despite Bangladeshi Recyclers becoming extremely fussy on available tonnage at a level
Ole' rusties.
historically unseen, turning down vessels no t only due to the units age and country of
build, but more importantly, on account of the overall condition of vessels as nothing
other than a fleet of laid up oBle'A ruNstieGs haLs AbeeDn gEreeStinHg t he nation's waterfront, ever
since Bangladeshi offerings climbed well into the USD 500s/LT LDT.
As a result, the industry has seen many of these units not only face steep discounts (much
BANGLADESH
to the chagrin of respective Owners), but a growing number of these units are also
increa singl y failing to generate the least bit of interest from Chattogram Choppers, who
remain content to wait for the rarer, better-quality unit to come around, rather than have
to face the all-but-certain migraine machine that comes part-and-parcel with recycling
BANGLADESH
contracts on these older laid-up units.
‘Surprisingly decent'.
Therefore, in line with prevailing market conditions i.e., Chattogram Choppers being
‘picky while starved', and given that even these poorer condition units still need a
BANGLADESH
recycling future, albeit at an aforementioned discounted one, the markets saw the
Chinese controlled Bulker XIN LV BAO SHI (7,844 LDT) fetch a ‘surprisingly decent'
USD 520/LT, in the only market sale of the week. We mention ‘surprisingly decent' on
account of the fact that good quality units were seeing such levels until only a few weeks
BANGLADESH
ago. Notwithstanding, as the nation is still atop the recycling market rankings week after
week, the Bangladeshi waterfront remains the IMAX presentation of a return to recycling
form, as a healthy collection of private, small(ish) LDT, Containers & General Cargo
vessels have arrived local anchorage just this week, including another large LDT tanker.
Plate paralysis.
Domestic fundamentals also remain in a state of volatile stillness as local steel plate prices
and the Bangladeshi Taka conjointly start & even end the week at the same levels on an
ongoi ng ba sis, in that, the Taka dune-bashes between BDT 108.90 to BDT 109.98 against
the U.S. Dollar where it has been closing out the working week on an ongoing basis, and
domestic steel prices continue to flatline at levels that still support local offerings. This
ongoing plate paralysis may prove troublesome to Bangladesh's (recently predicted)
performance rather sooner than later, as neighbouring India starts to firm on the back of
its own improving plate prices and is clearly grabbing at the heels of local levels.
Nonetheless, we do feel confident about the near-future performance of this market,
especially for decent units coming in from the Far East, and out of the pricing-reach of
Indian / Pakistani Recyclers.
MARKET SALES REPORTED
VESSEL NAME TYPE LDT REPORTED PRICE
XIN LV BAO SHI Bulker 7,844 USD 520/LT LDT

[Page 3]
Page 3 of 8 GMS Weekly
INDIA
P
UZZLING PONDERANCESI!NDIA
INDIA
As we have puzzlingly pondered about the performance of the Indian Ship Recycling
Lift-off.
sector since the start of the year, wondering just why this market has been unable to
leapfrog ahead of the competition on account of its comparatively (than Bangladesh &
Pakistan's) stable economy, decent domestic fundamentals / local steel plate prices that
INDIA
have far from flatlined, or even unheard of L/C restrictions that could have arrested the
ability of Alang Recyclers at the bidding tables for about a year, the one thing this market
has failed to deliver to date, is its competitive performance as the industry has been
anticipating a lift-off to this market since the start of the year - a moment that seems to
INDIA
have mercifully arrived over the last couple of weeks.
Elections are currently underway in India with the results being announced on June 2nd
and election fever certainly seems to IhNaveD ignIiAted the nation's economy as the Indian
Rupee shakily gained ground against the U.S. Dollar, ending the week at levels
June 2nd.
approaching Rs. 83.30, in addition to an imp ressive boost in local steel plate prices that
saw levels firm by about USD 13/Ton this week.
INDIA
Firming steel plate prices also seem to be offering a larger buffer for domestic Recyclers
to consider when offering, in that, vessel pr ices immediately saw a firming this week,
one which resulted in India dethroning Pakistan for 2nd place and reporting a massive
jump in LDT imported into Alang, wIiNth DaboIuAt 55 K LDT via just 6 ships reported at
Alang's anchorage / on the beach vs. 66K LDT via 11 vessels at Chattogram, as the
industry witnesses an impressive spread of LDTs and vessel types in India's recycling
waterways this week.
Pole position.
This firming in Indian levels also did not go unnoticed, such that the German built
PROFESSOR B (5,040 LDT) was introduced and swiftly managed to fetch a decent USD
545/LT LDT, besting their Pakistani counterparts for a decent LDT market sale this week,
and more of this performance expected to come in the near future.
Overall, as Indian Buyers finally get back on the sales board, with more likely to follow
(particularly HKC only containers), it remains a matter of time until India passes their
Bangladeshi counterparts once again and assumes pole position atop the ship recycling
market rankings once again.
MARKET SALES REPORTED
VESSEL NAME TYPE LDT REPORTED PRICE
PROFESSOR B General Cargo 5,040 USD 545/LT LDT

[Page 4]
GMS Weekly
Page 4 of 8
PAKISTAN
INDIA
S
ATIATED & SLOW!
INDIA
An expectedly slow week that the industry saw coming over the last couple of weeks finally
A vesse l closer and a witnessed Gadani Recyclers inch a vessel clo ser & a vessel shy of 2023s total ship recycling
vessel s hy. volume, as local offerings remain steady amidst local steel plate prices that continue to
INDIA
flatline, and a Pakistani Rupee that witnessed its own share of dune-bashing this week, as
levels jumped repeatedly between PKR 278 to PKR 278.50 and back down to PKR 278.13
against the U.S. Dollar, where it ended finally the week.
INDIA
Moreover, with beaches & bellies full on account of recent deliveries & fundamentals that
are offering no impetus for the Gadani Recyclers to firm up their levels any further, the
Pakistani market finally sank to the bottom of the sub-continent market rankings this week,
Buyers ready to acquire
as India enters the fore and is increasingly demanding the attention of Ship Owners and
INDIA
Cash Buyers of all units opening West of Sri Lanka.
Beache s & bellies.
Nevertheless, the industry continues to witness the occasional fixture into this market as
another decent LDT, General Cargo uInNit mDanaIgAed to find its permanent resting place at a
domestic yard in Pakistan.
As yet another week of muted activity (one of many to come) wraps up amidst firming
competition and as the Pakistani marIkeNt fuDrthIerA sli ps into an (expectedly) early monsoon
slumber, unless a one-off local Recyclers jumps back into the fray on a particular unit, we
do not anticipate much activity from the shores of Gadani in the coming week(s), especially
One-off Buyer.
as India is increasingly expected to slip into overdrive post June 2nd and Bangladeshi levels
are still firming as time goes on.
NO MARKET SALES REPORTED

[Page 5]
Page 5 of 8 GMS Weekly
TURKEY
BA-
ZZZING!
From depressed to dashing, is what has been the performance of the Turkish market in the
Depressed to dashing.
span of a week, which certainly is nothing short of spectacular and especially since we
have not witnessed this impressive a jump in some time now.
Despite no movements being reported in local & import steel prices, in addition to a Lira
that, much like the sub-continent currencies, weakened past TRY 32.52 once again, only to
firm and end the week at region TRY 32.30 against the U.S. Dollar, a collection of Aliaga
Recyclers has suddenly woken from a deep slumber and ramped up local offerings to the
max as not only have vessel offers jumped to the tune of USD 40/Ton on +10K LDT units,
but these levels are also seemingly conservative as Owners could well witness levels
approaching the magical USD 4XX/MT for the right unit - so eager have a few local Refreshing sprinkle.
Recyclers become to acquire vessels for their emptying yards.
On account of these firming levels, news of a tiny 4K LDT container fetching levels north
of USD 380/MT via a reportedly private sale has certainly caught the eye of Owners as the
ongoing introduction of potential units into Aliaga continues on.
As such, we certainly hope the Turkish market enjoys a refreshing sprinkling of tonnage
this month and Aliaga anchorage enjoys a much-needed inflow of tonnage.
NO MARKET SALES REPORTED

[Page 6]
Miscellaneous Page 6 of 8
i
INTERESTING SCIENCE & SPACE FACTS
SPACE FACTS OF 2023.
 We know that not all ice in the universe is the same. A close-up examination of Comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko by
the European Space Agency's Rosetta spacecraft, for example, revealed a different kind of water ice than the kind found on
Earth.
 Humans have been exploring space for more than 60 years and have been lucky enough to get close-up pictures of dozens of
celestial objects. Most notably, we've sent spacecraft to all of the planets in our solar system - Mercury, Venus, Earth,
Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune - as well as two dwarf planets, Pluto and Ceres.
 The bulk of the flybys came from NASA's Voyager 1 and Voyager 2, which left Earth more than four decades ago and are
still transmitting data from interstellar space. Between them, the Voyagers clocked visits to Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and
Neptune, thanks to an opportune alignment of the outer planets.
 Scientists have found no evidence that life exists elsewhere in the solar system. But as we learn more about how "extreme"
microbes live in underwater volcanic vents or frozen environments, more possibilities open up for where they could live on
other planets.
 Microbial life is now considered likely enough on Mars that scientists take special precautions to sterilize spacecraft headed
to the planet. NASA chose to crash its Galileo spacecraft into Jupiter rather than risk it contaminating the potentially
habitable oceans of Europa.
 Mercury is the smallest planet in the solar system (excluding the dwarf planet Pluto, of course), and the second densest
after Earth. And it's only getting smaller and denser.
IMPORTANT DATES
INDIA
BANK HOLIDAYS BEACHING TIDES
May 01 - Labor Day May 05 - May 13
May 23 - Buddha Purnima May 21 - May 29
BANGLADESH
BANK HOLIDAYS BEACHING TIDES
May 01 - Labor Day May 07 - May 10
May 23 - Buddha Purnima May 23 - May 25
BANK HOLIDAYS
CHINA PAKISTAN TURKEY
May 1 - May 5 - Labor Day Holidays May 5 - Labor Day Holiday May 01 - Labor & Solidarity Day
P
go
ri
o
c
d
es
f a
in
it
d
h
i c
a
a
n
t
d
ed
w
a
i
b
th
o
o
v
u
e
t
a
a
r
n
e
y
a s
g u
re
a
p
ra
o
n
rt
t
e
e
d
es
i n
w
t
h
h
a
e
t s
m
oe
a
v
rk
e
e
r.
t
W
an
h
d
i l
a
e
r
e
e
v
n
e
o
ry
t n
c
e
a
c
r
e
e
s
h
sa
a
r
s
i l
b
y
e e
a
n
cc
t
u
a
r
k
a
e
t
n
e.
i
T
n
h
t
i
h
s
e
i n
p
f
r
o
e
r
p
m
ar
a
a
t
t
io
io
n
n
i
o
s
f
p
t
r
h
o
i
v
s
i
r
d
e
e
p
d
o r
w
t,
i t
n
h
o
o u
lia
t
b
p
i
r
li
e
t
j
y
u d
ca
ic
n
e
b
a
e
n d
ac
i
c
s
e
g
p
i
t
v
e
e
d
n
f o
in
r
any loss incurred in any way whatsoever by any person relying on the information contained herein. Opinions expressed herein may be deemed
subjective and arbitrary. This WEEKLY is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged
m
p r
a
o
t
h
e
` `
i
r
b
ia
it
l
e
.
d
A
.
ny review, retransmission, dissemination, or other use of this information by persons or entities other than the intended recipient is

[Page 7]
Page 7 of 8 GMS Port Report
ALANG - Port Position as of May 03, 2024
No. VESSEL NAME LDT TYPE STATUS
1 Amanah 8,997 Roro Arrived April 27
2 Asphalt Princess (Dead Vessel) 3,271 Oil Tanker Beached April 30
3 Dark Knight 2,607 Supply Vessel Beached May 01
4 Kel 3,535 Chemical Tanker Arrived May 02
5 Leo (Under Tow) 23,590 FPSO Beached May 01
6 MSC Nilgun 12,553 Container Beached April 26
Total Tonnage 54,553
CHATTOGRAM - Port Position as of May 03, 2024
No. VESSEL NAME LDT TYPE STATUS
1 Hong Xi 3,621 General Cargo Arrived May 01
2 Jal Gamini 22,572 Tanker Arrived April 27
3 Lian Feng 6 6,537 General Cargo Beached April 26
4 Medan 2 7,284 Container Beached April 26
5 Pita Erma 3,613 General Cargo Arrived April 27
6 S Maru 5 1,700 Research Vessel Arrived April 25
7 Sawasdee Singapore 7,138 Container Beached April 27
8 Sia 32 2,801 Container Arrived May 02
9 Sinokor Hong Kong 5,475 Container Beached April 26
10 Sinokor Qingdao 4,735 Container Arrived April 23
11 Thareratana 1 739 Tanker Beached April 28
Total Tonnage 66,215
GADANI - Port Position as of May 03, 2024
No. VESSEL NAME LDT TYPE STATUS
1 Toro Bianco 9,269 General Cargo Beached May 03
Total Tonnage 9,269
WHILE EXTREME CARE HAS BEEN TAKEN IN THE PREPARATION OF THIS REPORT, NO LIABILITY CAN BE ACCEPTED FOR ANY LOSS INCURRED IN
ANY WAY WHATSOEVER BY ANY PERSON RELYING ON THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN.

[Page 8]
Steel Plate Prices Page 8 of 8
INDIA STEEL INDIA STEEL PAKISTAN STEEL PAKISTAN BANGLADESH STEEL BANGLADESH CHINA STEEL
DATE
PRICES USD/T PRICES PRICES USD/T STEEL PRICES PRICES USD/T STEEL PRICES PRICES USD/T
4/27/2024 500.36 41,700.00 735.29 205,000.00 600.00 72,000.00 352.52
4/28/2024 500.36 41,700.00 735.29 205,000.00 600.00 72,000.00 352.52
4/29/2024 503.17 42,000.00 735.29 205,000.00 600.00 72,000.00 352.52
4/30/2024 507.07 42,300.00 735.29 205,000.00 600.00 72,000.00 352.52
5/1/2024 510.67 42,600.00 735.29 205,000.00 600.00 72,000.00 352.52
5/2/2024 510.36 42,600.00 735.29 205,000.00 600.00 72,000.00 352.52
5/3/2024 513.37 42,800.00 735.29 205,000.00 600.00 72,000.00 352.52
www.gmsinc.net GMS_Leadership GMS Leadership snp@gmsinc.net
Athens, Greece Tel: +30.210.899.0669 Bhavnagar, India Tel: +91.278.300.5253
Cumberland, USA Tel: +1.301.759.9240 Dubai, UAE Tel: +971.4.423.0720
Hamburg, Germany Tel: +49.40. 3197.9963 New York, USA: +1.240.505.9716
Shanghai, China Tel: +86.216.075.1900 Seoul, South Korea Tel: +82.10.4650.0720
Singapore Tel: +65.6823.8037 Tokyo, Japan Tel: +81.3.5453.6311

## Linked asset: 2024-05-07_gms-week-18-dead-alive_img1.jpg
Source asset: reports/hellenic/demolition/2024/2024-05-07_gms-week-18-dead-alive_img1.jpg

Linked image asset: 2024-05-07_gms-week-18-dead-alive_img1.jpg

Image metadata: JPEG 120x100 mode=RGB

Embedded info:
dpi: (120, 120)

[OCR skipped for small image (< 150000 pixels).]

## Linked asset: 2024-05-07_gms-week-18-dead-alive_img2.jpg
Source asset: reports/hellenic/demolition/2024/2024-05-07_gms-week-18-dead-alive_img2.jpg

Linked image asset: 2024-05-07_gms-week-18-dead-alive_img2.jpg

Image metadata: JPEG 688x212 mode=RGB

Embedded info:
dpi: (120, 120)

[OCR skipped for small image (< 150000 pixels).]